# Status
This project is currently unmaintained and the background processing is no longer running.
If you are interested in taking over development of this, or would like help running this yourself just create an issue.

# NW_Market
A suite of projects for collecting, analyzing, and displaying market data from NW.

## NW_Image_Analysis
Library to handle OCR and image processing in a common way.

## NW_Market_Collector
Captures screenshots of the NW game window at a low frequency, and when it detects the market UI it collects screenshots at a high frequency. 
It runs a quick OCR to see if its seen the content before, then cleans the image and uploads it for further processing.

## NW_Market_Collector_Form
Windows form for running the collector instead of using a console window.

## NW_Market_Model
Classes and interfaces shared across projects.

## NW_Market_OCR
Used for extracting market listing data from screenshots using OCR, then cleaning, and correcting that data and uploading.

## NW_Market_Tools
Processes the data generated by NW_Market_OCR to calculation interesting metrics and insights about the markets. Currently performs the following functions:
* Calculate daily price information for each item.
* Calculate the most cost efficient recipes to gain experience.

## NW_Stream_Collector
Scans Twitch for streams showing the market window, then downloads video clips and feeds them into the collector.

## NW_Market_Website
Display market information using Vue Bootstrap controls.

## NwdbInfoApi
Library for getting information from nwdb.info. Must pass the correct User-Agent string to use these APIs.

## StreamApi
Library wrapping the streamlink python package. This library allows for downloading video segments from Twitch.